[Music]
six exercises to get rid of cellulite in
two weeks cellulite occurs when you have
too much body fat and not enough muscle
since this problem is not cosmetic it
needs to be addressed with the help of
proper nutrition massage and a
well-planned training program here are
six useful exercises designed to tighten
the muscles and reduce the thighs and
buttocks you can give it a try right now
while watching the video exercise number
one lie on your right side and lean on
your forearm lift your leg 4 to 12
inches off the floor hold it in this
position for 5 seconds then lower down
slowly repeat this exercise with your
right leg ideally you should do 2 sets
of 12 reps for each side let's start
with the right leg 1
to
three
for
five
see
seven
eight
[Music]
ten
eleven
[Music]
well done
now the left one one two three four
[Music]
five
six
[Music]
seven
eight
10 11 12
[Music]
again the right leg one
to
[Music]
three
or
five
six
[Music]
seven
eight
[Music]
ten
and the left one one two three
for five
SiC
[Music]
seven eight nine ten eleven
was it too easy if so you can pause the
video and do one more set for each side
exercise number two place your hands on
the floor and assume the same position
as when doing push-ups bend your right
leg and bring your knee to your stomach
straighten your leg and lift it five to
eight inches off the floor repeat with
your left leg how many times should we
do it two sets of eight reps ready there
go start with the right leg one two
three four five six seven eight
now the left one one two three four five
six
seven eight
the right leg again one
two three
for five
six
seven
eight
and the left one one two three four five
six seven eight
well done are you feeling exhausted then
pause the video and take a 10-second
break
exercise number three take a dumbbell or
kettlebell and stand straight with your
feet shoulder width apart on the inhale
start to slowly lower your body by
bending your knee continue lowering
yourself down until your thighs are
parallel with the floor then begin to
rise exhaling you should do three sets
of 20 reps I'll give you a minute okay
that should be enough for 60 reps
[Music]
how are you doing there are you feeling
your muscles burn that means you're
doing it right however the workout
should make you feel energized but not
exhausted so don't overdo it in the
beginning only ten seconds left
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one great job in great news
only three exercises left exercise
number four take a dumbbell in each hand
stand up straight
feet shoulder-width apart let's start to
slowly bend your upper torso keeping
your back straight arms hanging down
freely then forward as low as you can
then gradually return to the starting
position you should perform this
exercise five sets of twelve reps so
totally 60 reps it sounds a bit too hard
right let's start with three set for
today so you should only do 36 reps
shall we begin here's your minute
[Music]
if you perform this exercise regularly
every day your whole body will transform
within a month
[Music]
only ten seconds left
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one
well done exercise number five stand on
your knees and place your hands on the
floor keeping your arms straight start
to slowly lift one leg up keeping your
back straight lift your leg as high as
possible and fix it for a few seconds
then return to the starting position
continue repeating the exercise
alternating between your right and left
leg two sets of 15 reps for each leg is
our goal as usual let's start with the
right leg one two three four five six
seven
eight
nine ten
eleven
12:13
14:15 now the left one
15 14 13 12
eleven
ten-nine
eight seven
six
I've
or
three
- one
the right leg again 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 and the left one 15 14 13
12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4
three two
one well done exercise number six stand
with your feet slightly wider than your
shoulders bend your knees hands behind
your head
then jump up forcefully throwing your
arms and legs apart
starfish fashion once your feet touch
the floor again presume the initial
position we're about to do two sets of
20 reps I'll give you 25 seconds for
each set ready go
[Music]
how are you feeling there can you do 20
reps more and here are your 25 seconds
[Music]
only 5 seconds left 5 4 3 2 1
well done to achieve results in
defeating cellulite quickly carry out
the exercises according to the following
schedule 2 days training 1 day break for
2 weeks as a bonus you'll develop a
habit of doing this 10-minute workout
every day don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life